hey this is Mickey at neo 39 and we're
gonna look at the Kobe zoom seven
supreme a little different shoe that
we've been used to out of Kobe because
this one gives you an option to rock the
shoe in two different ways now if you
can see here you got the play fast and
you've got the play strong strong being
with the ankle cuff fast being without
now start off with a place drug this is
to give you a little bit more support as
you can see with this elastic ankle cup
giving you that support you need and
locking your ankle into the shoe real
well whereas with the play fast you
don't have that it's more of a low cut
allows you to play faster and part of
that is because the play fast has Phylon
and zoom in and giving you a more
lightweight feature you can see that
right here in the foot insert right here
this is all Phylon and zoom inside there
Zoom air right there and brand it as
well as well right here this gives you
that quick responsiveness and
lightweight performance to give you that
you know fast performance and then of
course as I mentioned in the insert with
the play strong you have more of a sock
going on here that runs up to your ankle
locking you down if you will and of
course there's another side shot of this
now giving you some other looks at the
shoe as you can see you have yellow on
the outsole as well as black white
silver and black going through the
midsole and then straight enough at the
heel got some black leather along with
the glass support silver right in the
heel and then moving through the upper
it's black steel and neutral yellow and
if you kind of look at it you can kind
of see sort of a snake Mamba print on
the shoe real cool swoosh of course as
you can see here in silver black yellow
and some white surrounds the soles well
as the Kobe shield and sword branding
and you have that on the tongue of both
insole foot options inserts and of
course you have the Kobe signature right
in the heel too and a little look at
your insoles right through there now
this is the first of many Kobi Simmons
they're going to drop this you're a
great looking shoe you can't wait to see
what how the response is going to be
from the people you want to check it out
there's really been a lot of effort put
into the shoe from a tech standpoint as
I've mentioned with the inserts larger
box than we've seen out of most Kobe's
and then of course this Kobe seven box
right here gives you instructions on how
to insert your insoles into the shoe and
this will be housed in the box with both
of the inserts giving you a full package
right here with two sneakers definitely
want to come check this out a nail 39:39
east colorado pasadena california come
check us out we'll check you out